Docs (#58)
dexe-network/investment-contracts: docs/Developers/DAO/SmartContracts/GovPools/Delegating.md

# ✍️ Delegating

> If a user doesn't want to vote for proposals, he can give part of his funds to another user to manage and receive rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user doesn't want to vote for proposals, he can delegate part of his funds to another user for management and receive rewards for that matter.
```
